BUILDING GEMRB FOR ANDROID 
--------------------------

Tools you will need to build GemRB for Android:

- android-sdk API-level 10 or greater
- android-ndk (newer is generally better, tested against r8d)
- ant
- java 
- mercurial for building SDL2
- git for building various other dependencies

--------------------------------------
Building the apk on a Unix-like System 
--------------------------------------

Running the following commands from the directory this README resides in will
build an Android 2.2 and later compatible .apk.

First, use the provided script to prepare the build environment:

  bash prep_env.sh $GEMRB_GIT_PATH

where $GEMRB_GIT_PATH is the full path to the directory above the one this
README resides in.  This script will create neccessary folders, check out and
build a few of the neccessary libraries and copy and modify a few project files.

After the completion of the script, you can change into the build directory
with:

  cd build/gemrb

and subsequently compile the remaining libraries and GemRB itsself with:

  ndk-build 

for a stripped build or 

  ndk-build NDK_DEBUG=1 

if you want a debuggable build.

When the compilation concluded successfully, you can package the apk with:

  ant debug

You can supply the additional argument "install" to ant to directly install the
resulting apk to a device connected to the computer which builds it, i.e:

  ant debug install

NOTE: To use this command, you HAVE to have USB-Debugging enabled on your
Android device.

If everything ran without any errors you should find a file named
"SDLActivity-debug.apk" in build/gemrb/bin below the folder this README resides
in. If you ran ant with the "install" argument, you can directly run GemRB from
your devices' main menu. If you didn't, you can copy the apk file to your device
with 

  adb push bin/SDLActivity-debug.apk /sdcard/

assuming you are still in build/gemrb.

---------------------
Configuring your game
---------------------

You will have to install the widescreen mod for your game.
Depending on the version of Android on your device, you have to adjust the
height by 48 pixels, seeing as the home bar takes up space on the screen.

NOTE: Due to performance issues, it is recommended to chose a resolution that
keeps the aspect ratio of your screen but does not equal your native resolution.

-----------------
Configuring GemRB
-----------------

The app will most likely not start your game on the first start.
This is because the supplied config file does not know about the location of
your game data. You will need to run the following command to retrieve the config
file:

  adb pull /sdcard/Android/data/net.sourceforge.gemrb/files/.GemRB/GemRB.cfg

and edit it with your preferred text editor. Pay attention to the comments in
the file, the entries you need to change are:

  - GamePath
  - CD1 to CD5
  - CachePath

After you adjust these paths, you have to copy the file back to the correct
location on your device:

  adb push GemRB.cfg /sdcard/Android/data/net.sourceforge.gemrb/files/.GemRB/GemRB.cfg

Assuming you followed all these steps correctly, you should be able to run the
app from your device's main menu and the game should start correctly.

